# showcase
I can't claim that _all_ of the code here is mine. In fact, most of it isn't.
However, I can do so about piecing it all together from various sources.

I have tried to find some code from various projects that demostrate my proficiency in the respective technologies.
It is entirely possible that the code seems just plain arcane or is not optimal.
I am including it here because I put in considerable effort into them.
All of the code is running in production somewhere(or is about to).

## Index

* [java](java) - This code uses a queue for making requests to a REST app
* [python](python)
  + [Search Adapter](python/search_adapter) - Snippets of the REST app which uses producer-consumer pattern
for streaming data from DB to elasticsearch
  + [Popularity Calculator](python/popularity_calculator) - Script for calculating product popularity based on views, orders etc.
* [node.js](node.js) - Track system stats using
[StatsD](https://github.com/etsy/statsd/wiki) from [datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/)
* [elasticsearch](elasticsearch)
  + [setup](elasticsearch/setup) - How I would setup elasticsearch on linux(some requirements assumed)
  + [config](elasticsearch/config) - The configuration I setup for elasticsearch index for products
  + [query](elasticsearch/query) - An example query generated by node.js REST app for listing pages
* [pegjs](pegjs) - Parsing expression grammar for converting some string to elasticsearch query
* [redis](redis) - How I used redis for caching elasticsearch response.

Comments and suggestions welcome :wink: